Added no_nodejs_compat_v2 to notes (#18765)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/configuration/compatibility-flags.mdx

## Node.js compatibility flag

:::note

> [The `nodejs_compat` flag](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) also enables `nodejs_compat_v2` as long as your compatibility date is 2024-09-23 or later. The v2 flag improves runtime Node.js compatibility by bundling additional polyfills and globals into your Worker. However, this improvement increases bundle size.

Reviewer: tiny nit: "by bundling additional polyfills and globals into your Worker"

wrangler does bundle additional polyfills but globals are not actually "bundled" - they are only exposed by workerd when v2 is added. However I think the current wording is ok - adding too many details might bring confusion.

> If your compatibility date is before 2024-09-23 and you want to enable v2, add the `nodejs_compat_v2` in addition to the `nodejs_compat` flag.

Reviewer: Minor nits: before/after might be confusing (wrt to 09-23 included?)

```suggestion
If your compatibility date is 2024-09-22 or before and you want to enable v2, add the `nodejs_compat_v2` in addition to the `nodejs_compat` flag.
```

additionally you can import Node.js modules without the `node:` prefix and use polyfilled Node.js modules and globals that are not available with `nodejs_compat`.

On September 23, 2024, `nodejs_compat` will use the improved Node.js compatibility currently enabled with `nodejs_compat_v2`. This will require updating your

> compatibility_date to 2024-09-23 or later. If you want to explicitly disable the Node.js v2 compatibility features to reduce bundle size, you can use the `no_nodejs_compat_v2` flag.

Reviewer 2: Take it or leave it:

```suggestion
compatibility_date to 2024-09-23 or later. If you want to explicitly disable these improved Node.js compatibility features (for example, to reduce bundle size), you can use the `no_nodejs_compat_v2` flag.
```

Reviewer: > to reduce bundle size

Maybe we should explicitly explain the difference between `nodejs_compat` and `nodejs_compat_v2`.

Author: @vicb @GregBrimble 
I feel like, ideally, we’d just remove “to reduce bundle size” and then link “improved Node.js compatibility” to a an explanation in [this article](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/compatibility-flags/#nodejs-compatibility-flag) of the differences/improvements of v2. Could one of you either draft those v2 improvements here or in another PR or just list them for me here and I’ll add it? Thank you!
(But I also saw your other comments and I will make a task to take a more holistic look at improving the nodejs compat info, in general)
cc: @mikenomitch

Author: (For the purposes of people who might want to use the no_nodejs_compat_v2 flag, we should also make any differences clear that could be disadvantages in some situations)

Reviewer 3: I think we could avoid mentioning unenv directly. It is more of an implementation detail.
Really what we are saying is something along the lines of:

> v2 augments the runtime's Node.js compatibility by bundling additional polyfills into your Workerl. You can disable adding the bundled polyfills, and only get the built-in runtime compatibility, by setting ` nodejs_compat` + `no_nodejs_compat_v2`. Disabling the bundled polyfills can reduce bundle size and avoid injecting some global variables but should only be used if you know what you are doing.

> compatibility_date to 2024-09-23 or later. If you want to explicitly disable the Node.js v2 compatibility features to reduce bundle size, you can use the `no_nodejs_compat_v2` flag.

Reviewer: Do we need to be more explicit and say "both `nodejs_compat` and `no_nodejs_compat_v2`"
